README.md, before:

# Flutter Guide – Official Website

This is the **official website repository** for the [Flutter Guide](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dariomatias.flutter_guide) mobile application, available on the Google Play Store.

The purpose of this website is to showcase the app, present its main features, display screenshots, share the privacy policy, and provide a direct download link.

> **Note:** This repository **does not contain** the source code of the Flutter mobile application. It contains only the code for the **official landing website**.

---

## Tech Stack

The website was built using modern tools and technologies to ensure performance, scalability, and developer productivity:

- **Framework:** [Next.js 14](https://nextjs.org/) with the App Router
- **Styling:** [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) for utility-first design
- **UI Components:** [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/) for accessible, customizable components
- **Programming Language:** [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) for type-safe development
- **Carousel:** [Embla Carousel](https://www.embla-carousel.com/) for smooth and responsive slides
- **Icons:** [Lucide Icons](https://lucide.dev/) for clean, consistent iconography
- **Theming:** [next-themes](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/dark-mode/next) for light/dark mode toggle
- **Code Quality:** Prettier and ESLint for formatting and linting

---

## Screenshots

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/screenshots/flutter_guide_screen_1.jpeg" width="200"/>
  <img src="public/screenshots/flutter_guide_screen_2.jpeg" width="200"/>
  <img src="public/screenshots/flutter_guide_screen_3.jpeg" width="200"/>
  <img src="public/screenshots/flutter_guide_screen_4.jpeg" width="200"/>
  <img src="public/screenshots/flutter_guide_screen_5.jpeg" width="200"/>
  <img src="public/screenshots/flutter_guide_screen_6.jpeg" width="200"/>
</div>

---

## Getting Started

```bash
git clone https://github.com/dariomatias-dev/flutter_guide_web.git

cd flutter_guide_web

pnpm install

pnpm dev
```

Visit [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to see the website locally.

---

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](./LICENSE).

---

## Download the App

[![Get it on Google Play](https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/static/images/badges/en_badge_web_generic.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dariomatias.flutter_guide)

---

## Credits

Developed by [Dário Matias](https://github.com/dariomatias-dev).

Design inspired by modern app landing pages focused on accessibility, responsiveness, and user experience.

Commit message:

feat(README.md): improved app download section and added website section
- Enhanced the app download section for better clarity.
- Added a new section with direct access to the app's official website.

README.md, after:

# Flutter Guide – Official Website

This is the **official website repository** for the [Flutter Guide](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dariomatias.flutter_guide) mobile application, available on the Google Play Store.

The purpose of this website is to showcase the app, present its main features, display screenshots, share the privacy policy, and provide a direct download link.

> **Note:** This repository **does not contain** the source code of the Flutter mobile application. It contains only the code for the **official landing website**.

---

## Tech Stack

The website was built using modern tools and technologies to ensure performance, scalability, and developer productivity:

- **Framework:** [Next.js 14](https://nextjs.org/) with the App Router
- **Styling:** [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) for utility-first design
- **UI Components:** [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/) for accessible, customizable components
- **Programming Language:** [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) for type-safe development
- **Carousel:** [Embla Carousel](https://www.embla-carousel.com/) for smooth and responsive slides
- **Icons:** [Lucide Icons](https://lucide.dev/) for clean, consistent iconography
- **Theming:** [next-themes](https://ui.shadcn.com/docs/dark-mode/next) for light/dark mode toggle
- **Code Quality:** Prettier and ESLint for formatting and linting

---

## Screenshots

<div align="center">
  <img src="public/screenshots/flutter_guide_screen_1.jpeg" width="200"/>
  <img src="public/screenshots/flutter_guide_screen_2.jpeg" width="200"/>
  <img src="public/screenshots/flutter_guide_screen_3.jpeg" width="200"/>
  <img src="public/screenshots/flutter_guide_screen_4.jpeg" width="200"/>
  <img src="public/screenshots/flutter_guide_screen_5.jpeg" width="200"/>
  <img src="public/screenshots/flutter_guide_screen_6.jpeg" width="200"/>
</div>

---

## Getting Started

```bash
git clone https://github.com/dariomatias-dev/flutter_guide_web.git

cd flutter_guide_web

pnpm install

pnpm dev
```

Visit [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to see the website locally.

---

## Download the App

You can download Flutter Guide directly from the Google Play Store:

[![Get it on Google Play](https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/static/images/badges/en_badge_web_generic.png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.dariomatias.flutter_guide)

---

## Website

Visit the official Flutter Guide website: [Official Website](https://flutter-guide-web.vercel.app/)

---

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](./LICENSE).

---

## Credits

Developed by [Dário Matias](https://github.com/dariomatias-dev).

Design inspired by modern app landing pages focused on accessibility, responsiveness, and user experience.
